Game Setting:
Welcome to avacado reality! As a real estate agent it is your job to sell houses to make the company money.
The agent who makes the most money for the company will win the Agent of the Year award and an all expenses paid holiday anywhere they want!
Look at the properties in the agency window and try to sell them before anyone else can.
You can also make money renting them while trying to find the right seller.

Items in game:
Deck of house cards
Deck of action cards
Time tokens
Loyalty tokens
Coin tokens
Dice
Agent profiles
Reputation Tracker

The aim of the game is to have the most money by the end of the game.
Max 5 player?

Setup:
Shuffle the three house card decks and place them next to each other in a line.
Place the tokens in piles where all players can reach.
Shuffle the agent profiles and deal one to each player. Put the rest back in the box.
Give each player 5 time tokens of their corresponding color.
Place each players reputation marker on the reputation tracker based on their agent profile.
Deal each player action cards based on their agent profile.
The player with the highest reputation gets the first player token ( roll a dice if there is a tie ).

Game play:
Each round is divided into four phases.
These are lead generation, auctioning, renting and loyalty and reputation.

Phase 1 - lead generation:
	Fill the display window - flip cards from the house decks until there are 3 from each class showing face up on the table.
	Remove one loyalty token for each player on every commercial/industrial properties.
	This is the agency display window indicating properties available to sell. If you cannot draw a card from one of the decks ( ie its empty )
	then the game immediately ends here.
	Each turn in this phase a player can optionally discard an action card for a time token and/or buy one action card for a time token.
	They may then place one time token on any property. If they choose not to they cannot place any more tokens this turn or discard/buy more action cards.
	They can only place tokens on properties that they have enough reputation for.
	Continue until all players choose not to add any more time tokens.

Phase 2 - auctioning:
	In this phase, agents try to sell properties. Select the property closest to the deck for the current bracket starting with the cheap properties.
	For each property, any number of players can declare they will try sell a property. See "Selling a property"
	After that property is resolved move to the next property in that price bracket. If that bracket is completed move to medium, then expensive and repeat.
	After all properties have had a chance to be sold move to the next phase.

Phase 3 - renting:
	If there is not a "for sale" token on it, it can be rented. The person with the highest amount of loyalty tokens ( not time ) can collect
	rent from a property. If it is a tie on loyalty tokens on a property, no one gets the rent.

Phase 4 - loyalty and reputation:
	On all properties, remove all time tokens and return them to the supply. Replace them with same amount of loyalty tokens.
	All players recieve 3 time tokens.
	Remove "for sale" tokens from all properties.
	Count the number of properties sold for each player that turn and adjust the reputation for each player. See "Reputation"

Selling a Property:
	Starting with they player with the first player token, players declare if they are going to try sell that property.
	Players can only declare they are going to try sell a property if they have enough reputation to sell it (equal is ok).
	After all players have declared if they are going to sell it or not, those that decide to sell it roll a dice.
	Take that dice roll and add the number of time and loyalty tokens of theirs on that property to get the total roll.
	If any player has a total roll above that required for the property to sell the house is sold.
	The player with the highest total roll gets the rewards for that property selling.
	In the event of a tie and above that required to sell the property, players roll a dice again and add their tokens to get a new total roll.
	If the highest total roll gets the property even if it is now below the required amount for the property.
	Remove all tokens from a sold property and return them to the supply. The player that sold the property places it next to their agent profile.
	If noone sold the house, all players that tried to sell that property lose one coin if able. Place a "for sale" token on it.

Property cards:
	Each property card has the following info on it:
		- The amount it is sold for indicated by the number on a gold circle
		- The amount of action cards you get when selling on a card symbol
		- The amount of coins you get for renting on a gold circle with a red border
		- The amount of reputation required to sell it on a red star
		- The dice roll required to sell it
		- Property attributes

Property attributes:
	apartment - If have sold an apartment, reputation required to put tokens on or sell apartments decreases by one
	countryside - If you have already sold a countryside property + one time token when you sell it
	gated community - If you sold any another property this turn already +1 action card reward
	remote - Have to return another time token to the supply to put the first time token on a remote property
	waterfront - If you have already sold another waterfront property + 1 coin reward when selling
	new build - doesn't do anything but required for some action cards
	commercial/industrial - at the start of the lead generation phase remove one loyalty token

Action cards:
	Each action card will indicate when it can be played.
	On your turn in the lead generation phase you can discard one action card for extra time token
	On your turn in the lead generation phase you can pay one time toke for an extra action card
	You can only do this once per turn.
	Some action cards are once off. Discard after use. Others have "Permenant" on them. These are played on properties and remain until the property is sold.

Reputation:
	If a player sells 0 property drop reputation by -1
	If a player sells 1 property keep at current amount
	If a player sells 2 or more their reputation increases by the number of houses they sold.


End of game bonus:
Most property sales gets + 5 coins


Game design notes ( not in rules ):

Have multiple options on action card?

House card distribution:
Expensive is 20
Medium is 30
Easy/cheap is 40

